plugins/modules/azure_rm_aks.py validate-modules:doc-choices-do-not-match-spec
plugins/modules/azure_rm_aks.py validate-modules:doc-default-does-not-match-spec
plugins/modules/azure_rm_aks.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/azure_rm_aks.py validate-modules:undocumented-parameter
plugins/modules/azure_rm_aks.py validate-modules:doc-elements-mismatch
plugins/modules/azure_rm_aks.py validate-modules:invalid-ansiblemodule-schema
plugins/modules/azure_rm_aks_info.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/azure_rm_aksversion_info.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/azure_rm_apimanagement.py validate-modules:invalid-ansiblemodule-schema
plugins/modules/azure_rm_appgateway.py validate-modules:doc-choices-do-not-match-spec
plugins/modules/azure_rm_appgateway.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/azure_rm_appgateway.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/azure_rm_appgateway.py validate-modules:doc-elements-mismatch
plugins/modules/azure_rm_applicationsecuritygroup.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/azure_rm_applicationsecuritygroup_info.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/azure_rm_appserviceplan.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/azure_rm_appserviceplan_info.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/azure_rm_availabilityset.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/azure_rm_containerregistryreplication.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/azure_rm_containerregistryreplication.py validate-modules:doc-choices-do-not-match-spec
plugins/modules/azure_rm_containerregistryreplication.py validate-modules:doc-default-does-not-match-spec
plugins/modules/azure_rm_containerregistryreplication.py validate-modules:undocumented-parameter
plugins/modules/azure_rm_containerregistryreplication_info.py validate-modules:doc-default-does-not-match-spec
plugins/modules/azure_rm_containerregistryreplication_info.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/azure_rm_containerregistryreplication_info.py validate-modules:return-syntax-error
plugins/modules/azure_rm_containerregistryreplication_info.py validate-modules:undocumented-parameter
plugins/modules/azure_rm_containerregistrywebhook.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/azure_rm_containerregistrywebhook.py validate-modules:doc-choices-do-not-match-spec
plugins/modules/azure_rm_containerregistrywebhook.py validate-modules:doc-default-does-not-match-spec
plugins/modules/azure_rm_containerregistrywebhook.py validate-modules:undocumented-parameter
plugins/modules/azure_rm_containerregistrywebhook.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/azure_rm_containerregistrywebhook_info.py validate-modules:doc-default-does-not-match-spec
plugins/modules/azure_rm_containerregistrywebhook_info.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/azure_rm_containerregistrywebhook_info.py validate-modules:undocumented-parameter
plugins/modules/azure_rm_datalakestore.py validate-modules:nonexistent-parameter-documented
plugins/modules/azure_rm_deployment.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/azure_rm_deployment.py validate-modules:return-syntax-error
plugins/modules/azure_rm_deployment_info.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/azure_rm_deployment_info.py validate-modules:return-syntax-error
plugins/modules/azure_rm_dnsrecordset.py validate-modules:invalid-ansiblemodule-schema
plugins/modules/azure_rm_dnszone.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/azure_rm_dnszone_info.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/azure_rm_dnszone_info.py validate-modules:return-syntax-error
plugins/modules/azure_rm_functionapp.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/azure_rm_functionapp.py validate-modules:doc-required-mismatch
plugins/modules/azure_rm_functionapp_info.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/azure_rm_gallery.py validate-modules:invalid-ansiblemodule-schema
plugins/modules/azure_rm_galleryimage.py validate-modules:doc-required-mismatch
plugins/modules/azure_rm_galleryimage.py validate-modules:invalid-ansiblemodule-schema
plugins/modules/azure_rm_galleryimage.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/azure_rm_galleryimage_info.py validate-modules:return-syntax-error
plugins/modules/azure_rm_galleryimageversion.py validate-modules:doc-choices-do-not-match-spec
plugins/modules/azure_rm_galleryimageversion.py validate-modules:doc-type-does-not-match-spec
plugins/modules/azure_rm_galleryimageversion.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/azure_rm_galleryimageversion.py validate-modules:doc-required-mismatch
plugins/modules/azure_rm_galleryimageversion.py validate-modules:invalid-ansiblemodule-schema
plugins/modules/azure_rm_galleryimageversion.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/azure_rm_iothubconsumergroup.py validate-modules:doc-required-mismatch
plugins/modules/azure_rm_keyvault.py validate-modules:doc-choices-do-not-match-spec
plugins/modules/azure_rm_keyvault.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/azure_rm_keyvault.py validate-modules:doc-elements-mismatch
plugins/modules/azure_rm_keyvault.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/azure_rm_keyvaultkey.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/azure_rm_keyvaultkey_info.py validate-modules:return-syntax-error
plugins/modules/azure_rm_keyvaultsecret.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/azure_rm_manageddisk.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/azure_rm_managementgroup.py validate-modules:invalid-ansiblemodule-schema
plugins/modules/azure_rm_networkinterface.py validate-modules:doc-missing-type
plugins/modules/azure_rm_networkinterface.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/azure_rm_networkinterface.py validate-modules:doc-elements-mismatch
plugins/modules/azure_rm_networkinterface.py validate-modules:doc-required-mismatch
plugins/modules/azure_rm_networkinterface.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/azure_rm_networkinterface_info.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/azure_rm_networkinterface_info.py validate-modules:return-syntax-error
plugins/modules/azure_rm_publicipaddress.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/azure_rm_publicipaddress.py validate-modules:doc-elements-mismatch
plugins/modules/azure_rm_publicipaddress.py validate-modules:doc-required-mismatch
plugins/modules/azure_rm_publicipaddress_info.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/azure_rm_resource.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/azure_rm_resource.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/azure_rm_resource_info.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/azure_rm_resource_info.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/azure_rm_resourcegroup.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/azure_rm_resourcegroup_info.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/azure_rm_registrationdefinition.py validate-modules:invalid-ansiblemodule-schema
plugins/modules/azure_rm_registrationassignment.py validate-modules:invalid-ansiblemodule-schema
plugins/modules/azure_rm_securitygroup.py validate-modules:doc-choices-do-not-match-spec
plugins/modules/azure_rm_securitygroup.py validate-modules:doc-default-does-not-match-spec
plugins/modules/azure_rm_securitygroup.py validate-modules:missing-suboption-docs
plugins/modules/azure_rm_securitygroup.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/azure_rm_securitygroup.py validate-modules:undocumented-parameter
plugins/modules/azure_rm_securitygroup.py validate-modules:doc-elements-mismatch
plugins/modules/azure_rm_securitygroup.py validate-modules:doc-required-mismatch
plugins/modules/azure_rm_securitygroup.py validate-modules:mutually_exclusive-unknown
plugins/modules/azure_rm_securitygroup_info.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/azure_rm_storageaccount.py validate-modules:doc-missing-type
plugins/modules/azure_rm_storageaccount.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/azure_rm_storageaccount.py validate-modules:doc-required-mismatch
plugins/modules/azure_rm_storageaccount_info.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/azure_rm_storageaccount_info.py validate-modules:return-syntax-error
plugins/modules/azure_rm_storageblob.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/azure_rm_subnet.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/azure_rm_subnet.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/azure_rm_subnet_info.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/azure_rm_virtualmachine.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/azure_rm_virtualmachine.py validate-modules:doc-elements-mismatch
plugins/modules/azure_rm_virtualmachine.py validate-modules:doc-required-mismatch
plugins/modules/azure_rm_virtualmachine.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/azure_rm_virtualmachine_info.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/azure_rm_virtualmachineimage_info.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/azure_rm_virtualmachinescaleset.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/azure_rm_virtualmachinescaleset.py validate-modules:doc-required-mismatch
plugins/modules/azure_rm_virtualmachinescaleset.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/azure_rm_virtualmachinescaleset_info.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/azure_rm_virtualmachinescalesetextension.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/azure_rm_virtualmachinescalesetextension.py validate-modules:doc-required-mismatch
plugins/modules/azure_rm_virtualmachinescalesetextension_info.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/azure_rm_virtualmachinescalesetinstance.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/azure_rm_virtualmachinescalesetinstance.py validate-modules:doc-required-mismatch
plugins/modules/azure_rm_virtualmachinescalesetinstance_info.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/azure_rm_virtualwan.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/azure_rm_virtualwan.py validate-modules:invalid-ansiblemodule-schema
plugins/modules/azure_rm_virtualwan.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/azure_rm_webapp.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/azure_rm_webapp.py validate-modules:doc-elements-mismatch
plugins/modules/azure_rm_webapp.py validate-modules:doc-required-mismatch
plugins/modules/azure_rm_webapp_info.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/azure_rm_webappslot.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/azure_rm_webappslot.py validate-modules:doc-elements-mismatch
plugins/modules/azure_rm_webappslot.py validate-modules:doc-required-mismatch
plugins/modules/azure_rm_autoscale.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/azure_rm_autoscale.py validate-modules:undocumented-parameter
plugins/modules/azure_rm_autoscale.py validate-modules:doc-elements-mismatch
plugins/modules/azure_rm_autoscale_info.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/azure_rm_cdnendpoint.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/azure_rm_cdnendpoint.py validate-modules:doc-elements-mismatch
plugins/modules/azure_rm_cdnendpoint.py validate-modules:doc-required-mismatch
plugins/modules/azure_rm_cosmosdbaccount.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/azure_rm_cosmosdbaccount.py validate-modules:undocumented-parameter
plugins/modules/azure_rm_cosmosdbaccount.py validate-modules:doc-required-mismatch
plugins/modules/azure_rm_cosmosdbaccount.py validate-modules:nonexistent-parameter-documented
plugins/modules/azure_rm_cosmosdbaccount.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/azure_rm_devtestlab.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/azure_rm_devtestlab_info.py validate-modules:return-syntax-error
plugins/modules/azure_rm_devtestlabarmtemplate_info.py validate-modules:return-syntax-error
plugins/modules/azure_rm_devtestlabartifact_info.py validate-modules:return-syntax-error
plugins/modules/azure_rm_devtestlabartifactsource.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/azure_rm_devtestlabartifactsource_info.py validate-modules:return-syntax-error
plugins/modules/azure_rm_devtestlabcustomimage.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/azure_rm_devtestlabcustomimage_info.py validate-modules:doc-required-mismatch
plugins/modules/azure_rm_devtestlabcustomimage_info.py validate-modules:return-syntax-error
plugins/modules/azure_rm_devtestlabenvironment.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/azure_rm_devtestlabenvironment_info.py validate-modules:return-syntax-error
plugins/modules/azure_rm_devtestlabpolicy.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/azure_rm_devtestlabpolicy_info.py validate-modules:return-syntax-error
plugins/modules/azure_rm_devtestlabvirtualmachine.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/azure_rm_devtestlabvirtualmachine.py validate-modules:undocumented-parameter
plugins/modules/azure_rm_devtestlabvirtualmachine.py validate-modules:nonexistent-parameter-documented
plugins/modules/azure_rm_devtestlabvirtualmachine.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/azure_rm_devtestlabvirtualmachine_info.py validate-modules:return-syntax-error
plugins/modules/azure_rm_devtestlabvirtualnetwork.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/azure_rm_hdinsightcluster.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/azure_rm_hdinsightcluster.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/azure_rm_loadbalancer.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/azure_rm_loadbalancer.py validate-modules:doc-choices-do-not-match-spec
plugins/modules/azure_rm_loadbalancer.py validate-modules:doc-default-does-not-match-spec
plugins/modules/azure_rm_loadbalancer.py validate-modules:doc-elements-mismatch
plugins/modules/azure_rm_loadbalancer.py validate-modules:doc-required-mismatch
plugins/modules/azure_rm_loganalyticsworkspace.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/azure_rm_loganalyticsworkspace_info.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/azure_rm_mariadbdatabase.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/azure_rm_mariadbfirewallrule.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/azure_rm_mariadbserver.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/azure_rm_mysqlconfiguration.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/azure_rm_mysqldatabase.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/azure_rm_mysqlfirewallrule.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/azure_rm_mysqlfirewallrule.py validate-modules:doc-required-mismatch
plugins/modules/azure_rm_postgresqlconfiguration.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/azure_rm_postgresqldatabase.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/azure_rm_postgresqlfirewallrule.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/azure_rm_rediscache.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/azure_rm_rediscache.py validate-modules:doc-default-does-not-match-spec
plugins/modules/azure_rm_rediscache.py validate-modules:doc-type-does-not-match-spec
plugins/modules/azure_rm_rediscache.py validate-modules:doc-required-mismatch
plugins/modules/azure_rm_rediscache_info.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/azure_rm_rediscachefirewallrule.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/azure_rm_roleassignment.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/azure_rm_roleassignment_info.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/azure_rm_route.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/azure_rm_routetable.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/azure_rm_routetable_info.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/azure_rm_servicebus.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/azure_rm_servicebus_info.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/azure_rm_servicebus_info.py validate-modules:doc-required-mismatch
plugins/modules/azure_rm_servicebusqueue.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/azure_rm_servicebustopic.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/azure_rm_servicebustopic.py validate-modules:doc-required-mismatch
plugins/modules/azure_rm_servicebustopicsubscription.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/azure_rm_servicebussaspolicy.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/azure_rm_servicebussaspolicy.py validate-modules:doc-required-mismatch
plugins/modules/azure_rm_snapshot.py validate-modules:doc-required-mismatch
plugins/modules/azure_rm_snapshot.py validate-modules:invalid-ansiblemodule-schema
plugins/modules/azure_rm_sqldatabase.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/azure_rm_sqldatabase_info.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/azure_rm_sqlfirewallrule.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/azure_rm_sqlfirewallrule_info.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/azure_rm_sqlserver.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/azure_rm_sqlserver_info.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/azure_rm_trafficmanager.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/azure_rm_trafficmanager.py validate-modules:doc-choices-do-not-match-spec
plugins/modules/azure_rm_trafficmanager.py validate-modules:doc-default-does-not-match-spec
plugins/modules/azure_rm_trafficmanager.py validate-modules:invalid-documentation
plugins/modules/azure_rm_trafficmanager.py validate-modules:undocumented-parameter
plugins/modules/azure_rm_trafficmanager.py validate-modules:doc-elements-mismatch
plugins/modules/azure_rm_trafficmanager.py validate-modules:doc-required-mismatch
plugins/modules/azure_rm_trafficmanagerendpoint.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/azure_rm_trafficmanagerendpoint_info.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/azure_rm_trafficmanagerprofile.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/azure_rm_trafficmanagerprofile.py validate-modules:doc-choices-do-not-match-spec
plugins/modules/azure_rm_trafficmanagerprofile.py validate-modules:undocumented-parameter
plugins/modules/azure_rm_trafficmanagerprofile.py validate-modules:doc-default-does-not-match-spec
plugins/modules/azure_rm_trafficmanagerprofile_info.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/azure_rm_virtualnetwork.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/azure_rm_virtualnetwork_info.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/azure_rm_virtualnetworkpeering.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/azure_rm_virtualnetworkpeering.py validate-modules:doc-required-mismatch
plugins/modules/azure_rm_virtualnetworkpeering_info.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/azure_rm_virtualnetworkgateway.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/azure_rm_virtualnetworkgateway.py validate-modules:doc-choices-do-not-match-spec
plugins/modules/azure_rm_virtualnetworkgateway.py validate-modules:doc-default-does-not-match-spec
plugins/modules/azure_rm_virtualnetworkgateway.py validate-modules:doc-missing-type
plugins/modules/azure_rm_virtualnetworkgateway.py validate-modules:doc-elements-mismatch
plugins/modules/azure_rm_virtualnetworkgateway.py validate-modules:doc-required-mismatch
plugins/modules/azure_rm_vpnsite.py validate-modules:invalid-ansiblemodule-schema
plugins/modules/azure_rm_batchaccount.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/azure_rm_batchaccount.py validate-modules:invalid-ansiblemodule-schema
plugins/modules/azure_rm_cdnendpoint_info.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/azure_rm_cdnendpoint_info.py validate-modules:return-syntax-error
plugins/modules/azure_rm_cdnprofile.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/azure_rm_cosmosdbaccount_info.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/azure_rm_devtestlabschedule.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/azure_rm_devtestlabschedule_info.py validate-modules:return-syntax-error
plugins/modules/azure_rm_hdinsightcluster_info.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/azure_rm_hdinsightcluster_info.py validate-modules:return-syntax-error
plugins/modules/azure_rm_lock_info.py validate-modules:doc-required-mismatch
plugins/modules/azure_rm_cdnprofile_info.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/azure_rm_azurefirewall.py validate-modules:missing-suboption-docs
plugins/modules/azure_rm_azurefirewall.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/azure_rm_azurefirewall.py validate-modules:undocumented-parameter
plugins/modules/azure_rm_azurefirewall.py validate-modules:invalid-ansiblemodule-schema
plugins/modules/azure_rm_azurefirewall.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/azure_rm_adpassword.py validate-modules:return-syntax-error
plugins/modules/azure_rm_adpassword.py validate-modules:import-before-documentation
plugins/modules/azure_rm_adpassword.py validate-modules:nonexistent-parameter-documented
plugins/modules/azure_rm_adpassword_info.py validate-modules:return-syntax-error
plugins/modules/azure_rm_adpassword_info.py validate-modules:import-before-documentation
plugins/modules/azure_rm_adserviceprincipal.py validate-modules:nonexistent-parameter-documented
plugins/modules/azure_rm_apimanagementservice.py validate-modules:invalid-ansiblemodule-schema
plugins/modules/azure_rm_openshiftmanagedcluster.py validate-modules:invalid-ansiblemodule-schema
plugins/modules/azure_rm_openshiftmanagedcluster.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/azure_rm_subnet.py validate-modules:doc-elements-mismatch
plugins/modules/azure_rm_vmbackuppolicy.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/azure_rm_privatednsrecordset.py validate-modules:invalid-ansiblemodule-schema
tests/utils/shippable/check_matrix.py replace-urlopen
tests/utils/shippable/timing.py shebang
