plugins/module_utils/azure_rm_common.py future-import-boilerplate
plugins/module_utils/azure_rm_common.py metaclass-boilerplate
plugins/module_utils/azure_rm_common_ext.py future-import-boilerplate
plugins/module_utils/azure_rm_common_ext.py metaclass-boilerplate
plugins/module_utils/azure_rm_common_rest.py future-import-boilerplate
plugins/module_utils/azure_rm_common_rest.py metaclass-boilerplate
plugins/modules/azure_rm_deployment.py validate-modules:missing-module-utils-import
plugins/modules/azure_rm_deployment.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/azure_rm_dnsrecordset.py validate-modules:doc-missing-type
plugins/modules/azure_rm_dnsrecordset.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/azure_rm_dnsrecordset_info.py validate-modules:missing-module-utils-import
plugins/modules/azure_rm_dnsrecordset_info.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/azure_rm_dnszone.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/azure_rm_dnszone_info.py validate-modules:doc-type-does-not-match-spec
plugins/modules/azure_rm_dnszone_info.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/azure_rm_networkinterface.py pep8:E501
plugins/modules/azure_rm_networkinterface.py validate-modules:doc-missing-type
plugins/modules/azure_rm_networkinterface.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/azure_rm_networkinterface_info.py validate-modules:missing-module-utils-import
plugins/modules/azure_rm_networkinterface_info.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/azure_rm_publicipaddress.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/azure_rm_publicipaddress_info.py validate-modules:missing-module-utils-import
plugins/modules/azure_rm_publicipaddress_info.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/azure_rm_securitygroup.py validate-modules:doc-choices-do-not-match-spec
plugins/modules/azure_rm_securitygroup.py validate-modules:doc-default-does-not-match-spec
plugins/modules/azure_rm_securitygroup.py validate-modules:missing-suboption-docs
plugins/modules/azure_rm_securitygroup.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/azure_rm_securitygroup.py validate-modules:undocumented-parameter
plugins/modules/azure_rm_securitygroup_info.py validate-modules:missing-module-utils-import
plugins/modules/azure_rm_securitygroup_info.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/azure_rm_storageaccount.py validate-modules:doc-missing-type
plugins/modules/azure_rm_storageaccount.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/azure_rm_storageaccount_info.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/azure_rm_subnet.py validate-modules:missing-module-utils-import
plugins/modules/azure_rm_subnet.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/azure_rm_virtualmachine.py pep8:E501
plugins/modules/azure_rm_virtualmachine.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/azure_rm_virtualmachine_info.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/azure_rm_virtualnetwork.py validate-modules:missing-module-utils-import
plugins/modules/azure_rm_virtualnetwork.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/azure_rm_virtualnetwork_info.py validate-modules:missing-module-utils-import
plugins/modules/azure_rm_virtualnetwork_info.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
tests/utils/shippable/check_matrix.py replace-urlopen
tests/utils/shippable/timing.py shebang
